lua: provide base64 lib to lua - v3 (#12513)
OISF/suricata: doc/userguide/lua/libs/base64.rst

Base64
------

> Base64 functions are expose to Lua scripts with the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Base64 functions are exposed to Lua scripts with
```

``suricata.base64``. For example::

  local base64 = require("suricata.base64")

Functions
~~~~~~~~~

``encode(string)``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Encode a buffer with standard base64 encoding. This standard encoding
includes padding.

``decode(string)``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Decode a base64 string that contains padding.

Reviewer: are the terms `string` and `buffer` considered interchangeable in this Base64 section?

Author: Yes, and I somewhat did that purposefully. In Lua the datatype is `string`, whether or not that data is a string of characters like a `char *`, or a binary blob of data `uint8_t *`.

Author: I guess one difference is that `encode` usually takes what you might call a buffer.  And `decode` always takes a string.

``encode_nopad(string)``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Encode a buffer with standard base64 encoded but don't include any
padding.

``decode_nopad(string)``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Decode a base64 buffer that contains no padding.

``decode_padopt(string)``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Decode a base64 buffer that may or may not contain trailing padding.

``decode_rfc2045(string)``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Decode RFC 2045 formatted base64.

``decode_rfc4648(string)``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Decode RFC 4648 formatted base64.

Implementation Details
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The base64 functions provided come from the Rust base64 library

> documented at https://docs.rs/base64 and corresponse to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
documented at https://docs.rs/base64 and correspond to the
```
